what is the essence of that song 

good morning, good afternoon, good night to our listeners uhh, what a week its been. hope your week went well. hope this podcast brings you happiness, becasue thats actually what we are here for. to take your mind of the difficukties of real life to creating a fantasy(where you are right now), where everything just seem so cool. My name is James Amoo, and i am the host of the a9 parlour. umm, im really happy about the events that have transpired over the past week. 

uh first of all, Wizkid got snubbed on two categories at the grammys, man i was so happy. not that i hate wizkid though, i mean hes arguably the goat in afraica, surely in my top two. but man, the fans these fc people irritate my soul, theyre so annoying. moving like minions with no fatherly love on the tl. its just so sad, but hard luck to our starboy , hopefully he gets it next time. 

also we had an A9 parlour summit during the week. quite an interesting gathering to be frank. but what we just want our listners to be aware of is the fact that we are getting guest speakers from episode 5 to come join us and share their ideas. we figured out that our opinioins, although elite, might also be limited in some certain aspects. so trust us, we are bringing the best. 

just before we say hi to our speakers, i what to just talk about what made me the happiest man this week. i just decided not to make any noise about benzemaaaaa makes it 3. weve got two chelsea fans on here and ive got quite a number of friends wh support chelsea, so you can imagine how happy that made me. hopfully benzema hits the nail even further and deeper on teusday inshallah. i might personally fast just to see it happen. nowww going to our speakers... 

marvin. 

issac 

damola

do you think you can come back

today we want to talk about happiness, this might seem odd.  hearing this you might wonder "what do they want to say sef, we hear about happiness everyday" but we want to talk about genuine happiness. personally i wouldnt even lie to you, ive been going through quite a lot lately. im just trying to push. but have you realy asked yourself if youre happy? like genuinely?  and what ill just add is their is no genuine test for happiness, like you could see the saddest people put up a smile everyday and even try to make people laugh but deep down, man just deep down, their hearts are heavy, theyre going through alot. man, even thinking about a scenario like thus makes me sad. i hope God heals all broken hearts

lets hear from our speakers. 

are ypu happy? just before you answer........
what does happiness mean to you .........
can we ever be truly happy?//////////

we were about backstories of  the causes if suicice and how people say uh, someone was constanly happy and lughing and they didnt even know they were going through such. im more concerned about the laughter factor here, do you think laughter counts for anything in happiness? 

for me laughter is just reaction to something funny, an impulsive reaction most times. i could be sad and still find a kevin hart joke funny. so yeah i dont feel like people should be judged on how much or how frequently they laugh or somthing.  



do you have any hobbies that make you happy? 

how to you reckon one breaks free from the umbremblla of unhappiness. 

whats your take on the on the money doesnt by happiness talk


alright guys , wed love to stop here. i hope, we hope you become genuinely happy, really. everyone deserves a hsot at genuine happiness. also, if you feel youre going through a lot, just a little more than you can bear, please reach out to someone and i pray God heals you.thank you for listeneing and have a nive week. 

what do you think brings happiness overall